New version of helm chart which includes option to install manager (#4)
code-sealer/helm-charts: README.md

See the readme of each chart for more information:
* [Codesealer Ingress Sidecar Helm Chart](/charts/codesealer/README.md)

## Implementation

Codesealer, when implemented as a sidecar, uses an Admission Webhook to install Codesealer
in the same pod as an Ingress Controller.  

This diagram shows how the Admission Webhook comes into the picture.  Codesealer is implemented

> as a `Mutating Admission`` Webhook:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
as a `Mutating Admission` Webhook:
```

Author: Fixed

See the readme of each chart for more information:
* [Codesealer Ingress Sidecar Helm Chart](/charts/codesealer/README.md)

## Implementation

Codesealer, when implemented as a sidecar, uses an Admission Webhook to install Codesealer
in the same pod as an Ingress Controller.  

This diagram shows how the Admission Webhook comes into the picture.  Codesealer is implemented
as a `Mutating Admission` Webhook:

![admission webhook flow](./img/webhook.png)

The `Mutating Admission` Webhook injects Codesealer as a sidecar. Traffic originally destined for the 

> Ingress Controller is `pre-routed` to Codesealer and then passed back to the Ingress Controller.  This 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Ingress Controller is "prerouted" to Codesealer and then passed back to the Ingress Controller.  This 
```

Author: Fixed

approach requires no changes to the application other than providing Codesealer with the ingress 
certificates.

![sidecar proxy](./img/sidecar-proxy.png)

> In this example the `Reverse Proxy` is Codesealer.  Traffic originally destinged for the `Ingress Controller` 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this example the `Reverse Proxy` is Codesealer.  Traffic originally destined for the `Ingress Controller` 
```

Author: Fixed

> over the ethernet eth0 interface is pre-routed to Codesealer for processing. Once Codesealer processes the payload 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
over the ethernet eth0 interface is prerouted to Codesealer for processing. Once Codesealer processes the payload 
```

Author: Fixed

it will send the traffic to the Ingress Controller over the loopback lo interface on the original port.

Codesealer support multiple Ingress Controllers including NGINX Ingress, Contour, Istio Gateway,
Kubernetes Gateway, and Cloud Provider Ingress Controllers (e.g. AWS ALB)

Although this example uses an Ingress Controller for the injection, Codesealer can be injected into any pod to protect
any service. It functions similar to an Istio Service Mesh which uses an Envoy Proxy instead.

> There are two methods, similar to Istio Service Mesh, to pre-route the traffic:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are two methods, similar to Istio Service Mesh, to preroute the traffic:
```

Author: Fixed
